[Compute AG] Moved Talos Linux to Host OS section (#826)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: compute/admin_guide/install/system_requirements.adoc

SLES 15  SP1 - SP4 - Only host Defenders are supported.

|Talos OS
|Talos OS 1.3.0
Kernel version: 5.15.83-talos
Kubernetes version: 1.25.4
containerd version: 1.6.12

> The following features are not available for Talos OS.

Reviewer: @Pubs-MV do we want to set this as a note? similar to bottlerocket

Author: done, and also clarifying that we do not support both Vuln and Compliance block policies

SLES 15  SP1 - SP4 - Only host Defenders are supported.

|Talos OS
|Talos OS 1.3.0
Kernel version: 5.15.83-talos
Kubernetes version: 1.25.4
containerd version: 1.6.12

[NOTE]
====
The following features are not available for Talos OS:

* Scanning of underlying hosts
* Runtime scanning
* Agentless scanning
* Vulnerability and compliance blocking policies
* Automatic recognition of the cluster name.
+

> You must enter it manually in the *Cluster name* field when deploying Defenders or twistcli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enter it manually in the *Cluster name* field when deploying Defenders via UI or twistcli
```

Author: done
